docs: add starlight (#1859)
catppuccin/userstyles: docs/src/content/docs/userstyle-creation/tutorials/writing-a-userstyle.md

| Original                                 | Themed                                 |
| ---------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- |

> | ![](../../../../assets/example.org-original.jpg) | ![](../../../../assets/example.org-themed.jpg) |

Author: Those images also should have `alt` text... Leaving it up to you @uncenter, you are better with texts (as one can see from the descriptions 😅)

> | ![Screenshot of example.com](../../../../assets/example.org-original.webp) | ![Screenshot of example.com, split into four quarters with Catppuccin theming. The flavors Latte, Frappé, Macchiato and Mocha are displayed left to right.](../../../../assets/example.org-themed.webp) |

Reviewer: Thanks @WalkQuackBack for getting us started here!
```suggestion
| ![Screenshot of the default example.com page.](../../../../assets/example.org-original.webp) | ![Combined screenshots of the example.com page, with the page seen using the Catppuccin palette. Images for flavors Latte, Frappé, Macchiato and Mocha are displayed left to right.](../../../../assets/example.org-themed.webp) |
```

How about this?
